Engelca/fix hive title issue 1022 (#1031)
ACCESS-Hive/access-hive.github.io: docs/models/run-a-model/run-access-ram.md

![Open ARE VDI terminal example](/assets/run_access_cm/open_are_vdi_terminal.gif){: class="example-img" loading="lazy"}

### Set up _persistent session_ 
To support the use of long-running processes, such as ACCESS model runs, NCI provides a service on _Gadi_ called [_persistent sessions_](https://opus.nci.org.au/display/Help/Persistent+Sessions).

To run {{ model }}, you need to start a _persistent session_ and set it as the target session for the model run.

> #### Set up SSH-keys (once-only) {: .no-toc }

Author: The reason is related to us no longer using localhost.
"localhost" means that the code cannot be compiled.
In the trunk instead of localhost the gadi address is used.
Using this path means that a user must have their ssh keys setup to be able to run the suite outside of their persistent-session (as well as compile, etc).

```
~/cylc-run/<suite-ID>/log/job/<cylc-cycle-point>/<task-name>/<retry-number>
```

> The `<retry-number>` indicates the number of retries for the same task, with the latest retry symlinked to `NN`.  For the RAS, the `<cylc-cycle-point>` is `1` (because the jobs are run in one cycle.  *(For the RNS the `<cylc-cycle-point>` is the date/time of the cycle)*.

Author: The OAS is actually like the RNS, so the sentences need to change.  OAS logs are treated as one-day long cycles.

To check the OAS suite logs, follow the steps listed in [Check suite logs](#check-suite-logs).

#### RNS output files

All the RNS output files are available in the directory `/scratch/$PROJECT/$USER/cylc-run/<suite-ID>`. They are also symlinked in `~/cylc-run/<suite-ID>`.

The RNS output data can be found in the directory `/scratch/$PROJECT/$USER/cycl-run/<suite-ID>/share/cycle`, grouped for each [cycle](#change-start-date-andor-run-length).<br>
Within the `cycle` directory, outputs are divided into multiple nested subdirectories in the format `<nested_region_name>/<science_configuration>/<nest_name>`, with `<nested_region_name>` and `<nest_name>` referring to the respective configurable options. The `<science_configuration>` is usually `GAL9` or `RAL3.2`, depending on the [nest resolution]({{ model_configurations }}/#model-components).

Each `<nest_name>` directory has the following subdirectories:

- `ics` &rarr; initial conditions
- `lbcs` &rarr; lateral boundary conditions
- `um` &rarr; model output data

The RNS output data files are in [UM NetCDF](https://code.metoffice.gov.uk/doc/um/vn13.8/papers/umdp_C11.pdf) format.

> For example, the model output data for the first cycle (`20220226T0000Z`) of the _Lismore_ experiment (`Lismore` `nested_region_name`, using a `RAL3P2` `science_configuration` and `d0198` as a `nest_name`) can be found in `/scratch/$PROJECT/$USER/cylc-run/<suite-ID>/share/cycle/20220226T0000Z/Lismore/d0198/RAL3P2/um/umnsaa_pa000.nc`.

Author: I have updated the OAS output section -- thank you for finding the left over text though.

To check the OAS suite logs, follow the steps listed in [Check suite logs](#check-suite-logs).

#### OAS output files

All the OAS output files are available in the OSTIA_OUTPUT directory.

The OAS output data files are in Met Office ancillary file format.

For example, the global ostia ancillary file for the first cycle (`20220226T0000Z`) of the _Lismore_ experiment can be found in `/g/data/$PROJECT/$USER/ostia_ancillaries/20220226T0000Z_ostia.anc`.

!!! tip

>     The RNS updates ostia data daily at 06Z. You may need ostia ancillary files for the day before/after the run if your suite starts before 06Z.

Reviewer: Does `06Z` stand for `6:00 UTC` time?
This seem quite important and I would try to make it clearer also with an example. 
I would phrase it like:

```suggestion
!!! warning
    The RNS updates OSTIA data daily at `T0600Z` (or `T06Z` in [ISO 8601 time format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Times). If the time of the `INITIAL_CYCLE_POINT` of your suite is set before `T0600Z`, you will also need OSTIA ancillary files for the day before the starting day of your suite.<br>
    For example, if a suite has the `INITIAL_CYCLE_POINT` set to `20250612T0000Z` (i.e., 12th Jun 2025 at midnight), it will also require the OSTIA ancillary files for the 11th Jun 2025.
```

Also I think this is important enough to make it a `!!! warning`.

For example, the model output data for the first cycle (`20220226T0000Z`) of the _Lismore_ experiment (`Lismore` `nested_region_name`, using a `RAL3P2` `science_configuration` and `d0198` as a `nest_name`) can be found in `/scratch/$PROJECT/$USER/cylc-run/<suite-ID>/share/cycle/20220226T0000Z/Lismore/d0198/RAL3P2/um/umnsaa_pa000.nc`.

> ### Edit {{ model }} configuration

Author: Can the linking between the two websites please be delayed until access-ram3-configs goes live?

> ### Edit {{ model }} configuration

Author: By "goes live" yes I mean that the initial population PR has been merged.

From what I understood, the two PRs need to be viewable via a URL for the alpha release.
The initial plan was to have the URLs built from the PR's rather than fully merged.
It seems like that may not be possible?

> ### Edit {{ model }} configuration

Author: I have put the "tip" regarding choosing different variables to output back into the text and linked to the appropriate section of the access-ram3-config docs.

> ### Edit {{ model }} configuration

Reviewer: The solution for this has been discussed on Zulip.
If the [config docs PR](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs/pull/2) is not going to be merged before this PR preview is ready, then we could link config docs [PR preview](http://access-ram3-configs.access-hive.org.au/pr-previews/2/) instead of the main website (but we'll have to remember to change it back to the main config docs website before merging this PR).
